hey guys a snippy from evil geniuses
were in Jeff and me heavier in LA just
after World Finals get a bunch of pros
here at a bunch of friends holy that's
that's Adam oh my god sup dude nice to
see you man how you doing good nice to
see you yeah it's good to see you too
and what are you doing here I'll may
here with a family you check it out yeah
I'm here for the family you're here for
a friend me you didn't see haven't sleep
over yeah just the thing with curse
wasn't okay I don't want to say anything
but like there was a ton of use i got
like a ton of attention from that i'm
signing autographs right now I didn't
really expect this but it's just
happening like I probably think I'm more
popular than you here I'm a whisker
winter what's the wager all right how
about this we'll walk around and either
you can ask her i'll ask whose autograph
do you want more Snoopy wrap for every
person that's Snoopy I'll do five
push-ups for every one that says me you
gotta do five push-ups well I'm not
gonna do any pushups in here all right
I'm game yeah you ready let's do this if
you could have one autograph either his
or mine who would it be yes who would
you choose Snoopy er Adam okay if you
could get one autograph he's asking me
to sign it right after you though yeah
but he feels bad for you he asked for my
signature now he feels bad he doesn't
want to know if you are Jack Jack Jack
Jack Jack you don't I'm sure you don't
want mine instead of his if you really
if you really want to sign my paper
what's a sympathy vote sure that's not a
sympathy wanted as a city boy no no no I
just think I feel better if you get one
autograph right now would it be snooping
or Adam from Adam sleepover
at the atom that's that's great don't
let go hi Manny 60 I got 60 oh it burns
the lactic acid build oh filling enough
how many we happen it I don't know one
more or two more Seymour an honest man
yeah I applause whoa thank you